Document multi get behaviours (#268)
nats-io/nats-architecture-and-design: adr/ADR-31.md

The server will send multiple messages without any flow control to the reply subject, it will send up to `max_bytes` messages.  When `max_bytes` is unset the server will use the `max_pending` configuration setting or the server default (currently 64MB)

> After the batch is sent a zero length payload message will be sent with the `Nats-Num-Pending` and `Nats-Last-Sequence` headers set that clients can use to determine if further batch calls are needed. It would also have the `Status` header set to `204` with the `Description` header being `EOB`.

Author: They're kind of magical inferred things, standard for all API responses afaik so not covered here

When requests are made against servers that do not support `batch` the first response will be received and nothing will follow. Old servers can be detected by the absence of the `Nats-Num-Pending` header in the first reply.

#### Multiple Subject requests

Multiple subjects can be requested in the same manner that a Batch can be requested. In this mode we support consistent point in time reads by allowing for a group of subjects to be read as they were at a point in time - assuming the stream holds enough historical data.

To help inform proper use of this feature, vs just using a consumer, a multi subject request may only allow matching no more than 1024 subjects, any more will result in a `413` status reply.

> Using requests like `{"multi_last":["$KV.USERS.1234.>"]}` all the latest values for all subjects below that wildcard will be returned.

Author: Not the case - the 1024 is a limit of subjects that match.  It wont return up to 1024 it will error telling you this feature only support subject sets <=1024.

What it will do is normal batching behaviour ie. cut the batch short if you reach pending buffer sizes

> Using requests like `{"multi_last":["$KV.USERS.1234.>"]}` all the latest values for all subjects below that wildcard will be returned.

Author: I'll revisit thanks - I also miss understood this thing at first so maybe some left overs

> Using requests like `{"multi_last":["$KV.USERS.1234.>"]}` all the latest values for all subjects below that wildcard will be returned.

Author: This seems fine to me, in essence:

```
There is a 1024 limit

....details of different kinds of requests follow
```

So made a tiny update there but I think its fine, cant mention for any time this is described the limit applies - it always applies

To facilitate consistent multi key reads the `up_to_seq` and `up_to_time` keys can be added which will restrict the results up to a certain point in time.

Imagine we have a new bucket and we did:

```
$ nats kv put 1234.name Bob                # message seq 1
$ nats kv put 1234.surname Smith           # message seq 2
$ nats kv put 1234.address 1 Main Street   # message seq 3
$ nats kv put 1234.address 10 Oak Lane     # message seq 4 updates message 3
```

If we did a normal multi read using `{"multi_last":["$KV.USERS.1234.>"]}` we would get the address `10 Oak Lane` returned.  However, to get a record as it was at a certain point in the past we could supply the sequence or time, adding `"up_to_seq":3` to the request will return address `1 Main Street` along with the other data.

A `batch` parameter can be added to restrict the result set to a certain size, otherwise the server will decide when to end the batch using the same `EOB` marker message seen in Batched Mode with the addition of the `Nats-UpTo-Sequence` header

> When the server cannot send any more data it will respond, like the above Batch, with a zero length payload message will be sent with the `Nats-Num-Pending` and `Nats-Last-Sequence` headers set that clients can use to determine if further batch calls are needed. It would also have the `Status` header set to `204` with the `Description` header being `EOB`. Additionally the `Nats-UpTo-Sequence` would be set that indicates the last matching message in the stream that matched criteria.  This number would be used in subsequent requests as the `up_to_seq` value to ensure batches of multi-gets are done around a consistent point in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the server cannot send any more data it will respond, like the above Batch, with a zero-length payload message including the `Nats-Num-Pending` and `Nats-Last-Sequence` headers enabling clients to determine if further batch calls are needed. In addition, it would also have the `Status` header set to `204` with the `Description` header being `EOB`. The `Nats-UpTo-Sequence` header will be set indicating the last message in the stream that matched criteria. This number would be used in subsequent requests as the `up_to_seq` value to ensure batches of multi-gets are done around a consistent point in time.
```

- `Nats-Subject`: message subject
- `Nats-Num-Pending`: when batched, the number of messages left in the stream matching the batch parameters
- `Nats-Last-Sequence`: when batched, the stream sequence of the previous message
- `Nats-UpTo-Sequence`: when doing multi subject gets the sequence should be used for following requests to ensure consistent reads

> - 

Reviewer: Any need to add the `Status` and `Description` headers or link to where those are defined in other ADRs?

Author: As above, not sure where they are defined but they're not real headers as such more ways to get at the response status from the protocol message here:

```
HMSG _INBOX.4NogKOPzKEWTqhf4hFIUJV.yo2tE1ep 1 28 28
NATS/1.0 408 Bad Request
```

Status 408 Description Bad Request...its standard things so not covering here
